she who's she with I was I hate your
with her her last name it has to mean
something that was the greatest 30
seconds of my life we try so I found
something an address
did she ever say anything to you about
an abandoned building mara guys you'll
go to the Paper Towns and you'll never
come back oh that's how I was just
scared I just sleep in my mom's bed
if I were you out get that scared every
single night never miss oh it feels kind
of long it does for Tara long but also
it was kind of right take a risk
stop playing so say
put your shirt on toasty drink I think
it start from my hand I'm certain
I don't find Margo it's all for nothing
have to get lost before you find
yourself it's a paper town paper houses
and paper people everything's uglier up
close
study halls SATs liberal arts student
loans layoffs bailouts broken dreams
this is not our future
any successful artists at this moment
and I stopped being an admirer they find
their signature
sounds asshole building from scratch
find new ones
get a laptop a certain listen to what
the real world is trying to tell you
we mean their own thing it doesn't work
like that we're not gonna be
millionaires it is not gonna happen
what happened to loyalty when I'm not
welcome
everybody's responsible for themselves
you got that
if you have a dream and it's made of
everything that's made you hardship
friendship so much love that's your
ticket tip all right so there are all
these questions for your profile you can
answer if you want to like people who
inspire you choose Austin you've to
inspired you are investors just think
that a seasoned CEO could take some
things off your plate
let me get me CEO lessons I never had
anything like this in my life this big
beautiful exciting thing that you
created remember who did that Oh
good times
it's moments like this when you need
someone you know you can count on
because you're my enjoyed while I was
going to say internal slash best friend
look and learn boys because this is what
coal is how in one generation have men
gone from guys like Jack Nicholson and
Harrison Ford to oil content management
I'm gonna ask you one of our more
telling questions for all of our interns
don't want you like this don't want to
really think about okay or you see
yourself in ten years
Lenna maybe a few weeks ago we talked
about the senior intern program so
here's a nice pool or coffee no no no no
seniors in life on what
that's our founder and CEO Jules Austin
any tips before I going blank like
people who inspire you choose Austin you
do is find you are investors just think
that a seasoned CEO could take some
things off your plate
let me get me CEO lessons
I never had anything like this in my
life this big beautiful exciting thing
that you created remember who did that
Oh
Butare it's moments like this when you
need something you know you can count on
because you're mine enjoy well I was
going to say in terms best friend
look and learn boys because this is what
cool is how one generation have men gone
from guys like Jack Nicholson and Aires
before - oh boy